how do you ensure that you are
disciplined with the process
irrespective of the success or failures
and and get that motivation that yes
I'll not deviate from it and the second
part is like in our investing also there
is momentum and things are going fine
and we are in the streak and winning
Zone and
success how to stay grounded and how to
stay humble what is your experience on
that the process is one of the most
important things irrespective of the
result and adap ibility is a crucial
Factor because let's say we we decide on
a process so we sit all of us we work
the same way whether in sports or or in
business so you decide okay this is the
path that I'm going to follow but the
key is the adaptability Factor because
there are lots of things that we don't
know about the future has an impact on
that so how how much you are aware of
things that happening around you know
your Journal knowledge needs to be good
and you need to keep revisiting the
process that you are following the path
you are following because adaptability
is a key factor and you have to follow
that process till you don't see
something big happening on the wrong
side because for a simple reason you
know people will come they will have
their own points and all of us over here
you know we if we are talking about
something we will have different views
about it what is important is to respect
that view and still take something you
know that can apply on yourself you know
and I always felt that the best of
advises can come from anyone so you have
to hear more than speak you know a lot
of people they speak more and they hear
less so I feel process is always
important and once you don't get the
result you revisit the process and you
take only the
learnings whether I was aware about it
whether I could have done something
different you know Midway J you know I
could have managed something whether
it's getting a positive result or maybe
you know minimizing the losses in
cricket also we we tend to do it you
know if if let's say I'm an aggressive C
captain and there's a scenario where the
opposition is having a good partnership
now I need to get away with my Bowlers
who are not my main Bowlers and let's
say if a wicket Falls now an aggressive
Captain he may commit the mistake of
saying no I will attack so what he needs
to see okay I'm attacking fair enough
but in the next five overs or seven
overs if a wicket doesn't fall and my my
part-time now needs to bow to a batter
who is slightly more set you know what
happens to him so you go for a so as I
would rather go for a par score saying
if I get away with my part-timer I will
attack from the other side even if I
don't get Wicked whatever they score
with my strong batting lineup I Look to
achieve it and what happens is 90% of
the times the answer is in front of us
but because our emotions and psyche is
so strong you know we choose to sideline
it because we are still so much fixated
on that one thing that we think okay
that's the only right thing that is
possible
