hey everyone come back to the channel I
hope you guys are doing extremely well
so a lot of people were requesting me to
bring system design content on take you
forward so what I've done is I've got
the best guy over on YouTube to get this
content for you so we have gkcs with us
hey God of what's up
what's up
it's going good man so like the people
like the people who use taking power
they're saying system design content and
I thought I can make a roadmap and that
will be good but then I thought what do
I bring you that will be better or best
what do you think
yeah yeah that's that's made up yes
exactly because I thought if I make it
it'll be good but if I bring you uh
anyways jokes jokes apart so today's
video is going to be a road map or
probably a path that anyone I'm
repeating this again anyone can take if
you're a beginner who is preparing for
system design interviews if you're
someone with a one-year experience where
someone with two year three year doesn't
matter if you want to get into system
design we're gonna bring you something
today which is going to be a game
changer trust me you can learn system
design end to end for interview when you
join companies you're not going to be
lost in those discussions isn't it yeah
absolutely exactly so
yeah so it's just not for interviews
it's also for preparing you when you
join these companies because I know as a
fresher when you join a company you're
literally lost in these discussions so
got a voter system design if someone is
watching this and it doesn't knows what
is this design but system designer is
the easiest way to explain how a large
company's code base is working so when
you buy code this is one file and then
if you write ready pieces of food that's
super p60 is surprise uh
and understand how another system is
working and how they can use it got it
so um
can I say that this thing that I've
prepared like this particular roadmap
where people get everything right from
end to end is this the place where
anyone can start because as a beginner
what I've seen is people spend like one
month to research where to start where
to start and then that's a loop right so
can I say if they come over here they
can directly start off and they don't
need to go anywhere and can I say this
yeah you can see it
it's been designed for other students
uh 100 don't waste your time you know
finding the perfect starting point
because the end goal is the same and you
yeah
it was such that's all just go to
settings and if you like the links then
read more about them but don't be
surprised about I have to do these
things then I can start
just go through this uh
yeah so I think you should definitely go
through this one just start and if and
click with any topic topic if you feel
like you need more you can definitely
then search a bit more and learn about
it but just uh like don't don't
procrastinate about these things so
before moving and in the video I'm gonna
tell you about the five new hot tech
jobs in the market that you can directly
apply now to get an early access now
these jobs are for software developers
and the companies that are hiring our
Academy phone pay graphy cash free
payments and phone pay now all of these
jobs are listed on Next Level now what
is next level next level is an hiring
platform that uses AI to access your
skills and matches you with your
relevant job opportunities Now using AI
will be giving you an edge over all the
other candidates so once you create a
profile you need to take an AI powered
interview and once you clear this
interview you will be directly eligible
to apply for a job so applying through
next level has a few benefits one of
them is definitely showcasing your
personality and expertise through video
responses to the interview questions by
doing this what you can do is you can
get through the first HR round easily
and you can directly apply for the job
interview so there will be no HR around
because you would have already cleared
it so what are you waiting for the
application window for all these jobs
will be closing in a week so don't wait
there's a link in the description make
sure you apply right away okay so gaurav
uh I see like you guys can see the
roadmap on the screen and we have
something as part one Basics so
what is this I can open this like can
you just give a walk through this like
if someone doesn't knows it yeah so when
you are learning about system design
there are certain things that you need
to know about absolutely without it
there's no system on the pad which works
without for example you can see what
it's like cash what uh uh what is so
these Concepts you can predip size now
please need to go about it and all these
things to the order so all the basic
concepts have been put over here so that
you can just continue
got it so along with this uh can I say
this that your core subjects like
operating system or something like
computer networks or dbms they should
also be proceed clear
Crystal clears are already scanning down
probably because can you have to keep
study do you study yeah so yeah my
suggestion would be you'll pick the
topic you say don't understand okay you
can you know over additional study
um there is never going to be a voice
when you say I'm 100 or 100 but the best
thing is you can do this with 50 Roi God
if you don't know whether you have 50 or
P or 80. right now if you don't
understand
perfect so if you're starting over the
basics topic like you're watching a
video if you're watching we're reading
some blogs any topic you don't
understand and you feel that okay maybe
I have studied it a couple of years back
just go back and like learn about that
topic and then come back and resume that
is how you should do this basic section
after that we come across load balancing
and this is something which is like a
very famous term I keep hearing about
this term on LinkedIn uh maybe you can
India Pakistan match good example
right so and at the same time there may
be a season launch of Game of Thrones
so you have bad traffic so how do you
make sure that different types of users
work pretty well assuming different
types of content assigned to the right
places
correct and it should be like Europe is
running at 8 years
exactly perfect perfect uh explanation
so we've attached videos from gaurav's
YouTube channel so it's gonna explain
exactly in the similar fashion and trust
me I've been studying from you I think
from 2017 ETV you're making these code
shift Solutions so yeah he he was the
first guy I was making quotes of
solution so
you can just study from these videos and
uh going forward data stores uh I think
self-explanatory databases
is
different types of detail structures
um and how do you
think yes so you
yeah so most of the times uh over
Twitter over LinkedIn you'll keep
hearing about these things uh MySQL or
like no SQL like like you keep hearing
these terms so it's important that you
know what are these things otherwise
there will be discussions they'll be
like oh yeah so it's better that you
should know about these things as well
consistency uh versus yeah what about
this oh yeah this is my favorite yeah
the most reliable topic ever but that is
available you have to actually
understand why or what it means or why
is it sometimes you know so important so
what is data consistency uh what are
some read-offs transactions uh the Caps
you know in its settings so what we have
done here this VM picked up just three
videos like but they are in such detail
okay I after this you you probably won't
have any doubts on what is data
subsistence how is it related
I've seen so many interviews about oh is
your system consistent about available
so you may not be understanding this is
the first time you're watching us I'm
saying you but trust me this is such a
common misconception that interviews and
and even Engineers have that it's good
to go got it so yeah like we're not
going to depth because uh you'll not
understand unless until you go through
these topics
so the next one is message queues you
can definitely go through this as well
and after this this is devops Concepts
now I'll tell you about like I'll share
my experience a single point of failure
so recently we launched merchandise
store and we have a payment Gateway so
we had just one payment Gateway and that
went down so this is what you call as a
single point of failure so when you are
too much dependent on one thing and it
goes down your entire thing is down so
like I do one thing for sure gaurav
technically it's not 100 possible to
achieve uh like to remove this thing the
single point of failure uh what's your
viewpoint on this
so that's the whole concept that you
don't have audio X in one basket yeah
well it's not possible sometimes because
you can't move away from the basket or
early
one basket
um
like all of these Concepts which are
around how do you maintain your system
you make sure that even if one crashes
like yeah
so these things are not in the back top
and then you don't even want to know
that this happened later on what to see
the page
in the real life match so uh these
things will help you understand as an
engineer how it works in the behind the
scenes just like databases
but it happens behind the scenes that
you should know about it
is the same thing cool sauce
yeah so do go through it because it's
actually important if you're designing
something uh and when it's good to know
about these things caching uh my
favorite topic it's I think I think it's
in every system can like if you don't
put it then either either you are as you
said uh
if you're not putting it I think I think
all about to add something uh I think
this is one of the topics which as a
fresher you relate a lot because you'll
learn about data structures you have
been like this is one of the concepts
like the hashing concept is primarily
used here and uh probably one of the
data structures which you will see on a
daily basis which is hashing so do we
need to explain much more about this
caching okay
is just keeping your part of your
database in memory yeah so you just
pause this line it's unless
anyways let's move to the next one micro
Services ah adding on Twitter on
LinkedIn microservices versus monolith
The World Keeps okay microservices are
very good monolith so it keeps like the
opinion keeps changing isn't it so
right right
it's an important topic do not miss it
no matter which company you join you've
got to have an idea about how things
work so it's a it's a very important API
Gateway is uh I think um it's it's
something which is in every system so
going to authentication uh again if
you're like I think what's the best way
to learn authentication is definitely
like watching these videos but do you
think like implementing a project will
like help them understand these topics
you're right
yeah exactly
um
in almost every uh system that you go in
there's a login stuff right so it's very
important to learn it and the best way
is definitely read about this and
probably implement uh some of the uh
things so that you understand how it is
working behind the scene as well you
come to the implementation part
afterwards system design trade-offs uh
whenever you design a system you just
cannot make sure that everything is what
do you say like what proverb to use
everything is perfect yeah so yeah when
you designed a system everything cannot
be perfect you cannot satisfy 100 of the
users so you go out to trade of
something between so these things are
something where like these topics you
gotta cover after that practice problems
I think every system does an interview
they're like design a WhatsApp design a
Tinder so
if if they practice these things uh can
I say that uh if I suddenly give an out
of the box system and with all the
concepts
I think they will be able to solve it do
you think
yeah they should be uh I mean of course
uh this is the other lot of problems so
if you go through all of them it's not
just like that problem get it holistic
picture for example we mentioned cashing
out application some of these things are
just gendered so put on that uh there
are certain things to learn in certain
systems but so for example payments I
mean how do you minus three bits on uh
how do you manage Google Maps so
location-based databases these single
Concepts when you pick them up then you
build the overall understand um
so remember one thing yeah I'm sorry
about that so I think one thing I'll
definitely like to mention over here is
people are coming from the DS algo world
so in data structures algorithm there is
like one or two Optimal Solutions and
you gotta give that solution right or
somewhere near about that in system
design it's always an open-ended
discussion where you talk about
trade-offs so you can never have a
perfect answer and there is no certain
answer to anything like God of my design
WhatsApp in some different way I might
design it in some different way so it's
not a necessity that how he has taught
in this video you have to exactly put
the same things in the interview your
brain can work better than both of us
and you can probably design something
better so it's always an open-ended
discussion so make sure that you don't
take it as DS I'll go system design is
something different so go through all of
these practice problems and try to
design these systems on your end after
this we come up to additional resources
after you've gone through all of these
things if you still need something else
you can definitely go through these uh
additional resources one of the
resources I'll recommend is gaurav's
interview ready course why am I seeing
that is kind of one appreciation
because recently I've been trying to
learn system design because it's
required because you're also building a
product so we need it so I was reading a
lot of Concepts one thing that stood out
was the premium Community you have
because I do read the comments on the
YouTube videos comments are great uh
sometimes you get comments like I love
you but yeah and all of these things
makes me feel good but when I was going
through the comments of your course
like the questions asked by these
Engineers like some of them where stuff
maybe some of their managers the
questions the level of questions they're
like amazing and the discussion thread I
think that's something which is very
great about your course and really well
managed so if you are planning to take
an interview like a course around system
design I think it should not look Beyond
uh interview ready system design because
it's highly affordable and it's
something you should not miss out it's a
lot of three things which stands out for
your course like if you want to say
and
about it is
find more videos
so this keeps happening
you mentioned about the company which is
amazing I love taking uh you know every
every two once we meet and we discuss
the system we discuss styles on suicide
and the conversations are amazing
yeah I can I can realize uh when staff
Engineers directors managers sit around
it's yeah it's going to be something
like you're working in a company
so they keep coming back yeah uh so uh
all the videos are like primarily you
know there are unlimited Justice for uh
for the price because for me it's just
like dating a class so what makes the
economy of skill and for everyone else
it's like an amazing place exactly so uh
a lot of content constant updates to the
latest uh you know Season systems
raising the ability which meets lights
nice nice so uh anything special for
Take It Forward like people coming in
from TK forward El discount you're gonna
give
take you forward is actually the name of
the coupon uh okay okay
it's the best discount out there okay
all right uh it's just for survival and
spirals comedy so they yeah so yeah you
can definitely apply the coupon uh take
you forward its EU not y o u it's you so
yeah yeah
anyway so
yes uh so we put up this entire
resources over here uh if you're
starting off there's a link in the
description make sure you check out all
of these resources and it's more than
enough to start and understand how
things work and it is important because
nowadays everyone knows assistant design
and a lot of companies have starting has
started to have like one road assistant
right so it's important you know around
it and I feel going forward there's
going to be a bunch of system design
rounds coming across in most of the
levels so it's good that you start
preparing and it'll be slightly easier
when you join company so got up uh thank
you so much for helping me uh where the
compilation of resources uh uh it's it
will help everyone out there trust me
and thank you for bringing out the
videos uh you started putting out a lot
of content on YouTube recently so in
case you haven't checked out God's
Channel he keeps on talking about system
design and all of these things so make
sure you check it out there will be a
link in the description uh once again
thank you and uh hopefully uh we'll do
some more videos in the future and
because
exactly uh Gula so um in case you're
still watching the link will be in the
description make sure you like this
video subscribe to uh Striker and take
you forwards Channel and also check out
gaurav's channel And subscribe to him as
well this will be wrapping up this video
let's read some of the videos
whenever your heart is broken don't ever
forget your golden I I will find the
light
