[Music]
please invite our moderators DME and
Sharon onto the
stage hello T hello Sharon thank you so
much for joining us and it's going to be
a very intriguing session and we're
waiting just for you so ladies and
gentlemen handling Fame and remaining
humble this being the topic I want you
all to please settle down kindly settle
down we will share the video with you
later but for now just enjoy the moment
and let's just sit down and enjoy the
session as well
gentlemen over to you thank
you hi guys is uh are we audible at the
back
everybody can hear
us
may when you go
for forgot one main thing
0% because everything for them is around
the mobile phon so it's good to be here
thanks for the
welcome welcome so I'm just
hoping it will be a lot of fun and you
know we'll try to make the evening light
and can everybody hear may all the way
at the back as
[Applause]
well I don't want to jinx it by saying
anything more
but and it's a very good
team so everything is looking very good
[Laughter]
[Applause]
so
audience and I believe ke you know on
some level being an athlete and being a
Creator there are some
par you are not the most texy
Persona does being disconnected
help I think it it helps a lot and
phone and the only time I really look
for my phone
is so for me my phone basically does the
job of you know waking me up in the
morning or Candy Crush Candy Crush is on
the iPad phone
game
gers it's all too small and I'm aging so
anyways you
know but anyways coming up what was the
question I forgot the question
disconnected
does that help was that conscious
decision especially in our case it helps
in a big way because we are all humans
and a known personality then everybody
has an opinion about
you and as humans if you're too much
connected to the social media or the
mobile phone you're spending a lot of
time over
there but because we are humans you
still feel bad so especially before big
tournaments or when you're going through
a lean patch I always advise the
youngsters
mobile
inart from you know how it is supposed
to be used
inst soci sites me don't get into
reading the comments you have to realize
a lot of people they comment for the
sake of having fun they also don't mean
it but it's fun for them but when you
are going through a lean patch you know
Cricket life everything starts to hurt
so anyways you have so much pressure on
yourself you want to avoid any undue
pressure know
avoidable I won't be thinking about it
anyway I have CL friends I have parents
Guardians they will help me out so that
way it has really helped me and I always
keep telling the youngsters please you
know minimal
use so I want to ask something uh so
before you retired I'm sure sure um
there was a lot of expectations on you
in terms of performing in cricket and
every day would have been really really
difficult in terms of dealing with the
expectations but now that you've retired
has one second retired from
international
cricket hello hello hello there a CSK
fan how how how's the knee feeling uh
knee have survived uh survived the
operation so now going to the rehab
patch and Rehab exercises November
doctor
you'll feel much better by November but
daily life problem to retired from
international cricket only please
continue retired from international
cricket has uh life become easier in
terms of the expectations and the
pressure has life become easier in
general well you know frankly if you ask
me if you're a celebrity in India if
people look up to you there's always
certain amount of responsibility roles
that you're supposed to fulfill and that
expectation is always there also I'm
only playing IPL which which means I'm
actively playing Cricket for 2 months in
a year in fact it's slightly more
difficult because I'm not playing
throughout the year so now my role and
responsibility for CSK or towards
Cricket I have to keep myself fit so I
have to plan the whole year where you
know what I need to do when I need to do
I'm 42 running 43 which means I have to
eat nicely I can't just eat what I want
to eat you have to train because at the
end of the day nobody cares if you're 42
45 or 50 if you're competing with people
at the top level you have to be at the
same Benchmark you know what they are
setting they may be 20 they may be 15
they may be 17 so if you're competing
with them you know you have to be like
them so there's no excuses for that so
that's one of the reason I find it
slightly more difficult you know you
have to be very motivated at the same
time your friends keep on complaining
you they'll be like uh we gave you a lot
of time you know now that you have
retired from international cricket you
have to spend some time with us you need
to eat what we are eating and all of
that so you have to balance it out so
that expectation level that pressure is
still there got it my I would love to
know because a lot of people here run
their own offices lot of them are
entrepreneurs they also have their own
teams when did you find out what was the
moment you found out you're going to be
captain and did you think of the moment
you were Captain like okay what am I
going to be like in the dressing room
cuz there's a new leader in the dressing
room it's very interesting uh if I'm not
wrong it was 2007
Eng so they made me the Vice Captain for
The Limited over for at odim and then
when the seniors they were not coming
for the T20 World Cup they were you know
very good chances that they'll make me
the captain so it was a new thing for me
frankly coming from jarand it was Bihar
initially I never thought I'll play for
the country you know that was the first
thing so you know country
you cannot ever imagine even in your
dreams you'll Captain the side so it was
a surprise for me I was happy yes but at
the same time I said how should I look
at it so I looked at it as an added role
and responsibility that was given to me
not to forget I had seniors who were
part of the site from long before you
know I was relatively new 2004 December
I made my debut so I was like I'll just
keep it as a role and a responsibility I
will never think about myself as a
captain I don't want to change myself in
the dressing room yes I have that
responsibility of picking the 11 you
know on the field I have to guide the
fielders take the bowling changes
seriously and I just kept it to that
outside the field I never showed to
anyone or told anyone you know that as
if I am the captain of the side you need
to do this you need to do that because
when they are seniors in the side you
have to earn their respect you know
that's one of the most important thing
if you are if you are a leader if you
are a boss you want to have the respect
of the people you are leading or
representing so for me that was my
biggest
challenge yeah so um how do you actually
keep calm and cool when the situation is
so it looks almost next to Impossible
like one of the instances that I can
think of is uh the India versus
Bangladesh match where they required one
run in two balls right two runs in three
balls and we won the match like how do
you kind of compose yourself in these
sort of situations like are you really
cool inside or is it just the you know
the exterior looks
cool you know but uh you know it's a lot
more fun because I can share my
experience with you guys and I'm I've
always been someone that believes in the
process you know I'm not someone who
looks at the result so even in this
scenario I was never thinking what if we
lose the game I was thinking what can be
done you know what should hardic bow
what is the field setting that that I
should have you know where whatever
resources I have what is the best way to
make the most of the resources I have
you know if I have half a glass of water
I don't think about the other half that
is not there so at that point of time
I'm think okay this is the length we
need to Bowl if you're going for a
Yorker what are the pros and cons the
only thing is everything needs to happen
very quickly so you need to take the I
would say a good decision at that point
of time because best decisions generally
bad you
know but a lot of times in cricket you
don't have the luxury of time so we kept
it simple we like you know this is the
length that you should bowl and we'll
take it from there we'll take it one
ball at a time and it worked you know at
the end of the day it worked but the
thing is not to think about the result
result is a you know whatever you do the
process you are following the byproduct
is the result so if if you need to
revisit you revisit the process you know
result it's more like a learning you
know it tells you what went wrong so you
take the learnings out of it you don't
carry that excess baggage on your head
oh I lost this happened that happened no
it's all irrelevant you lost you accept
that loss and the only way to move
forward is to take the learnings out of
it speaking of learning is my wife yes
[Applause]
yes I always wondered um you know you
have the brand of being Captain cool
right feedback cricketer
um
feed change like was there a particular
approach effective R like in our
environment I always preferred oneon-one
uh if you see Indians we are emotional
people you know I know the whole world
is turning and saying you know we need
to be much more professional but our
strength is that emotion you know as
simple as that we are the only country
that has maybe 10,000 patriotic songs
you know for we have songs we have songs
for our family we have songs for wife
brother sister everything so we run on
emotion so I always believe oneon-one
works for a simple reason let's say if
I'm addressing a team let's say even in
business they are like 14 15 people in a
room and if you point finger at someone
all of a sudden he feels bad about it
the thing is he's not hearing or
listening to what you are saying he has
just felt bad and he doesn't like it so
I always prefer talking oneon-one
oneon-one
let's say if I say a sentence to him in
front of 15 people he will feel bad if I
take him to a side and maybe add a few
more grammat or adjectives to it you
know he will still be fine with
it that these these things so you can
say on television also because because
basically what what you mean is
everything is happening here why are you
looking on the other side so as simple
as that do you remember any example of
you know someone was having a tough time
and you gave them some particular
feedback that really helped
them
speci always had that power in him but
he was not aware about it pressure
situ know you you stop believing in
yourself so others your teammates are
believing in you but first person that
loses faith is you yourself you know on
the talent that you have
so know this is your strength these are
the places that we can work but as of
now keep working on the strength that
you have because your strength will get
you out of the difficult situation so
usually a lot of times what we have felt
is
even
Tech so you say leave that aside what is
more important right now is this this
man for me in the tournament so a lot of
time you even give them false confidence
MH because it is important a confident
guy is much better than a talented guy
who always keeps questioning himself
that's very true so you know again again
what it depicts is you have to make the
most of what you have so we have a 15
member squad or a 16 member Squad say
player so what's the best way in which
we can perform to 80 90% of the
potential that we have up you have of
course helped many players in their
Journey may but as a leader you know you
have to be strong you have to not show
your emotions you have to no
matter but how do you be
vulnerable you know were you able to be
emotional in front of the other
players you know I'm having trouble with
this were you able to be vulnerable
is that something that you ever did no
irrespective of how strong you are
irrespective of whether you're leader or
not there will be times when you will
also feel the same kind of pressure it's
just that I'm not very good at
expressing I don't express my I I keep
things to myself you know so that's how
I deal with it you know the good thing
with me is I try to be in the present so
once I'm inside once I'm in the
situation I don't think too much about
whether I'm in form or I'm out of form
for me okay what is needed I bat at 5 6
or 7 what does the team need from me as
of now so once I start thinking about
the process that I need to follow when
I'm there I don't have enough time to
think about whether I'm in form I'm not
in form did I score match uh runs in the
last game whether this bowler got me out
so all these things become irrelevant so
again you go back to the process you
have belief in yourself
cricket abstract form is an abstract you
know it comes in 10 minutes it goes in
10 minutes so we never know when that 10
minutes will come so you have to be
positive you have to believe in the
process you have to be aware of the
situation and that's what gets you out
of trouble this you know my my father
once told me this he said ke I I asked
him this one saying I wonder if if Mahi
feels vulnerable at some point and he
looked at me and he
said I would 100% agree you know but
again as I said when you have that extra
role and responsibility of taking care
of everyone that is around
you and in a team sport often yes
individual Brilliance is there but we
rely on the team
effort say I'm going through
a you know
but whether it's a number four batsman
or two three he gives me that few
deliveries because he's scoring
boundaries then we are converting those
one runs into two runs or two runs into
three runs those are the things that
really help you and same thing will
happen to the other guy and that time I
need to take that responsibility and
that's what the team sport is all about
that's what needs to be learn done in a
team environment and often we think that
team team sport no it it is applicable
in business it is applicable in a family
because family team
so you have to look at it in a way that
you're very positive about it and you
have to make the most of everybody who's
around you sure yeah so um most of my
friends today who are in their 20s and
30s they're very hungry for Success they
want quick success so as someone who has
had such a fantastic career and has
achieved so much in the eyes of the
public um does it feel like there is
more to achieve is that hunger still
alive or if not what is important to you
today in life no right from the start I
was not into that people should remember
me as a good cricketer I always said you
know I want to be remembered as a good
human being you know and if you want to
be a good human being it's a process
till you die you know
so so so Cricket to me is a part of life
you know so once I started playing
serious Cricket or once I started
representing India You'll Play for India
for 10 years 15 years 5 years or 20
years if you are you know if you start
at an early age maybe 20 years and
Beyond but the whole thing is it is
still part of life if I consider I live
for let's say 60 years or 70 years it's
oneir of my life right so you want your
life to be productive you know what I if
I score run I'm scoring runs for myself
but what is it I'm doing that I'm making
it better for people who's around know
so you know his life on in the cre
becomes easy for him so for me every day
is important I I try to be the best
version of myself and that's what keeps
me going you know and that was as is
something that has kept me going for a
very long time and I don't think I'll
change that perspective because Cricket
will end whether next year becomes my
last year or the year after that but
again it will be a part of my life you
know that will have a comma or a full
stop but the life continues my
comum one year at a time one year at a
time May uh a
personal I'm single okay and I feel like
you know when you when the rest of your
life is so
chaotic having a partner who brings some
sort of stability that is very appealing
to me
now at least home life is sorted do you
remember how your life changed when you
found some stability in a relationship
in your personal life like does does
does it help does it help to have you
know how many of you are married over
here I don't know I ask this question
and a lot of people laugh you know it's
a serious question how many you are
married so that's one second how many of
you have a girlfriend who's steady and
you think you'll get married somewhere
in the
future how many of you have a girlfriend
who we will get
marri no so the interesting thing is
it's how you look at it you know and I
feel as a man the all the Masala in our
life comes from the wife you know she
keeps our life going you know you may be
the captain of the Indian cricket team
or the ex- captain of the Indian cricket
team it hardly matters to
them you it's a grounding Factor yeah
yeah yeah you have a place in the house
M and usually it's not your
choice that's what I said you may be the
captain you may not be the captain and
the best thing is they will be
like whatever you say gets done
everything you want you get it done but
the whole thing is it's what they want
that you are doing and they make you
feel you are doing it it's your decision
so if something goes wrong which can
they're
like so they also help us in a big way
because life is chaotic as you as you
yourself said now imagine there's a
trainer in the house that is training
you how to control that chaos by
creating chaos inside the house practice
it
practice no but but whatever said and
done uh you know we we all joke about it
that's a common thing but they're the
Pillar of Strength In in the family
whether it's my wife or if I see my mom
you know they are the ones who run the
family so I came from a middle class uh
background so my father will give the
salary after that he doesn't ask her you
know how you will run the family she has
a budget and now she has to run for
whatever 30 days or 31 days so they're
excellent at it you
know so they'll quickly reassign
everything okay yeah this can be done so
I feel you know they are the ones that
bring that Comfort into our family they
they you always fall back to them you
can ask them anything often when I'm
frustrated you know I take my
frustration out on her you know which is
not a good thing and I have to
eventually pay a heavy price but that's
how life is so you know if you find
someone you know that you're really
happy with you know please do get
married
uh Bachelor you
know
misconcep by ending this
answer
[Applause]
speaking of um you know budget that
reminds me May is there what is your
relationship with money and or cuz
everybody here right as
creators money has become the center
point for so many of us was there a
point where you cared about money and or
do you still care or what is the
relation ship with money you know money
is an important part of life but at what
price so money also you know it it has
an impact so we all want to make money
so some for some of us we may think you
know I want to earn money because I want
to make the life of my parents
comfortable for some they may think you
know for for the siblings for some I
want to make money because I want to
make it comfortable for my children so
till the perspective is like that and
the way you make the money is right now
I don't have any problem with it because
different people get motivated with
different things so some may say I have
an car that cost 10 Rupees but I want to
upgrade to 25 rupees there's no harm in
that it's how you want to make that
money second is look to add money don't
look to multiply money whenever there's
multiplication there's always a problem
try to add try if it's changing you as a
human then it's not worth influencers
I'm
[Laughter]
right
[Laughter]
revenue and and they are the best you
know I watch them on television since I
have a few stocks and
everything you
know
no they
just it doesn't have a bottom
anymore so yeah but it's interesting you
know but like nowadays it's very
important for you guys to educate you
know the coming the newer I would say
the newer generation because they want
to invest in stocks what is the right
way to do it again don't look to
multiply multiplication problem and
interestingly now all the business
channels keep saying you 95% of the fno
people you know they they they undergo
loss but still people people do it
that's true we're going to take one last
question from sharan and open it up to
the audience so whoever has the mic just
start identifying who you want to speak
to sh and go for it so one last question
uh so most of us when we look at a
celebrity we feel like okay their life
is perfect everything is going well
happy life so I wanted to ask you uh is
it mean is there anything that's like
bothering you in life any problems that
you're facing like is life really
perfect we the thing is we all have a
set of problems you know we we all face
different kind of
problems for some it may be different
from others it may be different but I
feel problems are the real essence of
life imagine if you have a life where
everything is so smooth that once you
get up in the morning you don't really
have anything to look up to because
everything is so smooth you know whether
it's your business whether it's
something or the other so for me you
know when I was like coid times and all
I had a lot of times my worry was you
know I have to make that bike so once
I've opened my bike and I don't know
much about it then I'm like you know
what what do I need to do for me that is
trouble you know for me once I FaceTime
my daughter and she says you know uh can
you come tomorrow that is a trouble you
know when my father some 5 seven years
back you know he was like you have
played enough Cricket you leave it now
there are others who will play so now
you know that different things that's
problem for you yeah you know it's just
that problems are important part of life
because if they don't keep testing us
you know we won't really improve so I
feel if all of us need to have problem
but there are certain people where their
problems are much bigger than ours and
if we are well to do you know we should
try to take care of them try to do our
best you know to guide them you know so
that they have a life you know which is
a bit more peaceful and where they're
not worried about everything in life you
know every day so that's what my view is
about problems in
life all right where are we taking
questions from who has the mic yes first
of all let me thank the both of you for
a very very exciting session a very very
fun session that was can we hear a round
of applause
a bigot of Applause ladies and gentlemen
for the Charming
enigmatic witty brandom Bast of fry Mr
Ms doni big one big one big
[Applause]
one
